# 🐀 rat facts: the quiz update

Hello rats! These is the last major update planned for `rat facts` from it's initial launch. With this update, the `!rat quiz` command joins the fray, the most technically complex command thus far. It will put to test any rat lover who has been enjoying the rat-centric content of the bot so far. A few meta-data commands have also been provided, which provide info on the bot and creator behind `rat facts` (hey that's me!).

With this update, there are no further patches planned for the bot. If there is large community interest (via GitHub, Twitter, or Discord), a new patch with additional commands or new content would definitely go into development. Have fun out there rats!

## New Features

-   `!rat quiz`
    -   Asks a true/false rat question
-   `!rat author`
    -   Provides the author and their social links"
-   `!rat version`
    -   Shows the current release of `rat facts`

## Bug Fixes

-   Major project restructuring
    -   The entire project has been restructured to be more clear for future maintenance. The project now decouples the location of the commands and the data. Additionally, the commands are further divided by **main** and **misc.**
-   Fixed random number generation
    -   One command was using an older implementation of a random integer function. It has been removed to following the same random generator as all other commands.
-   Cleaned up `role` functions
    -   Previously, the `role` functions checked twice for the @rat and @rat2 roles on a Discord server--both capitalized and uncapitalized. It no longer has to perform two checks, and still works with either capitalization style.
