# 🐀 rat facts: return of the rodent update

A surprise `rat facts` update! Dozens of passionate rat enthusiasts have reached out with feedback, suggestions, and praise for `rat facts`. This update is the culumination of the community's ideas and input to make a better bot for us all. Included are a plethora of cool new features, including (for the first time in `rat facts` history) 24/7 bot uptime! 🐀🎉

## New Features

-   New and improved hosting!
    -   `rat facts` will now have 100% uptime! The rat content never ends!
-   Server count
    -   The bot will periodically set it's activity status as how many servers `rat facts` is used in
-   `!rat donate` command
    -   Provides ways to donate to `rat facts`. You generosity is appreciated but never expected!
-   `!rat patch` command
    -   Shows the most recent patch notes right in Discord! Can be called manually with the command and also occurs when the bot connects to a server (after an invitation or update to `rat facts`)
-   Updated `!rat role` and `!rat role2`
    -   The two `role` commands can now create the `rat`/`rat2` role if they do not already exist on the server. _NOTE: You may need to change permissions or reinvite `rat facts` to
        your server for this to work._
-   Developer features
    -   Administrator guild info tool
    -   Flag for developer or production environments
    -   Optimized code across all commands

## New Content

-   Even more rat facts!
    -   The internet has been scoured for even more rat facts for you to enjoy!
-   Double the rat pics!
    -   The lack of rat pics was a major piece of feedback from `v5.0.0`, there are now over twice as many as before!

## Bug Fixes

-   Fixed long-standing visual issues in the `!rat quiz` embed!
-   Improved consistent branding across bot to always refer to `rat facts` (all lowercase, in monospace when able)
-   Overall stability improvements and faster commands
