# 🐀 rat facts: the slash command update

Hello rats! Our rodent-themed community has hit over **500** servers and serves over **30,000** Discord users. In accordance, `rat facts` has been updated to bring it in-line with other high-capacity Discord bots! Read below to learn more about the FULL REWRITE of the bot, and the improvements so far!

## New Features

- Slash commands!
  - `rat facts` has moved over to official Discord slash commands! These can all be accessed via typing `/` and selecting a command from the given list.
- All previous commands are fully supported!
- Some commands Are easier to use!
  - Commands with extra prompts (like `/8ball`) now clearly display what it requires
  - Commands with subcommands (like `/misc`) will autocomplete all of the subcommands for you
- Updated `README.md`
  - You can check out the new instructions here: [README.md](https://github.com/RileyAbr/rat-facts-Discord-Bot)
- Easer `/role` commands
  - Previously, if you did not have an existing `rat` role in your server, these role commands could easily crash or cause unforeseen issues. This has been remedied!
- New and improved hosting! (again!)
  - `rat facts` will have 100% uptime for real this time, especially now that it has been ☑ verified by Discord

_You may need to change permissions or reinvite `rat facts` to your server for this update to work._

## Bug Fixes

- Full Rewrite
  - `rat facts` has been wholly rewritten! Using better modern programmingpractices, you should see that the commands are generally faster and more failsafe. In addition, `rat facts` is much easier to update!
- TypeScript!
  - The new codebase is fully written with TypeScript! This change helps a ton  with error handling and assisting with code-reuse. Additionally, good developer tooling makes it easier to track down reported issues.
- ESlint and Prettier support
  - `rat facts` now comes pre-loaded with linting and formatting out-of-the-box, making it easier for others to pull the project down and contribute or fork
- CI/CD Integration
  - The new hosting platform supports GitHub integration, enabling `rat facts` updates to go live faster and with less headaches!
